com/example/infraestructura/PGOperativoLeche/PGOperativoLecheBD.java
 com.example.infraestructura.PGOperativoLeche.PGOperativoLecheBD
com/example/infraestructura/Infra_Sacrificio/Sacrificio_bd.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Sacrificio.Sacrificio_bd
com/example/infraestructura/drawer/fragment_drawer/bdmunicipios/UtilidadesEdoMunicipios.java
 com.example.infraestructura.drawer.fragment_drawer.bdmunicipios.UtilidadesEdoMunicipios
com/example/infraestructura/unidadproduccion/model/ActividadAgricola.java
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadproduccion.model.ActividadAgricola
com/example/infraestructura/apicola/variables_apicola/VariablesModuloSiete.java
 com.example.infraestructura.apicola.variables_apicola.VariablesModuloSiete
com/example/infraestructura/Infra_Porcino/Porcino_Model.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Porcino.Porcino_Model
com/example/infraestructura/PGBeneficiarioLeche/PGBeneficiarioLeche_bd.java
 com.example.infraestructura.PGBeneficiarioLeche.PGBeneficiarioLeche_bd
com/example/infraestructura/LiconsaBeneficiario/PASLbeneficiarioBD.java
 com.example.infraestructura.LiconsaBeneficiario.PASLbeneficiarioBD
com/example/infraestructura/frutales/dbfrutales/UtilidadesModuloSeis.java
 com.example.infraestructura.frutales.dbfrutales.UtilidadesModuloSeis
com/example/infraestructura/Infra_Porcino/Porcino_bd.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Porcino.Porcino_bd
com/example/infraestructura/PGBeneficiarioLeche/PGBeneficiarioLeche_Model.java
 com.example.infraestructura.PGBeneficiarioLeche.PGBeneficiarioLeche_Model
com/example/infraestructura/PGBeneficiarioGranos/PGB_granos_model.java
 com.example.infraestructura.PGBeneficiarioGranos.PGB_granos_model
com/example/infraestructura/Liconsa/Liconsa_bd.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Liconsa.Liconsa_bd
com/example/infraestructura/PAROperativo/PAR_operativo_bd.java
 com.example.infraestructura.PAROperativo.PAR_operativo_bd
com/example/infraestructura/dbstorage/Georreferencia.java
 com.example.infraestructura.dbstorage.Georreferencia
com/example/infraestructura/Infra_Lecheros/LecherosBD.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Lecheros.LecherosBD
com/example/infraestructura/Infra_Sacrificio/Sacrificio_model.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Sacrificio.Sacrificio_model
com/example/infraestructura/PGOperativoGranos/PGOperativoGranosBD.java
 com.example.infraestructura.PGOperativoGranos.PGOperativoGranosBD
com/example/infraestructura/Infra_Engorda/EngordaBD.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Engorda.EngordaBD
com/example/infraestructura/Liconsa2/LiconsaVerificacion_Model.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Liconsa2.LiconsaVerificacion_Model
com/example/infraestructura/Infra_Granos/Granos_bd.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Granos.Granos_bd
com/example/infraestructura/PGBeneficiariosGranosIncentivos/PGBeneficiariosGranosIncentivos_bd.java
 com.example.infraestructura.PGBeneficiariosGranosIncentivos.PGBeneficiariosGranosIncentivos_bd
com/example/infraestructura/Catalogos/db/DbHelper.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Catalogos.db.DbHelper
com/example/infraestructura/PGBeneficiariosGranosIncentivos/PGBeneficiariosGranosIncentivosBD.java
 com.example.infraestructura.PGBeneficiariosGranosIncentivos.PGBeneficiariosGranosIncentivosBD
com/example/infraestructura/PGBeneficiariosGranosIncentivos/PGBeneficiariosGranosIncentivos_Model.java
 com.example.infraestructura.PGBeneficiariosGranosIncentivos.PGBeneficiariosGranosIncentivos_Model
com/example/infraestructura/Catalogos/db/DbCatalogos.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Catalogos.db.DbCatalogos
com/example/infraestructura/Productor/bd_prod/UtilidadesProductor.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Productor.bd_prod.UtilidadesProductor
com/example/infraestructura/PGOperativoGranos/PGOperativoGranos_bd.java
 com.example.infraestructura.PGOperativoGranos.PGOperativoGranos_bd
com/example/infraestructura/Liconsa2/LiconsaVerificacionBD.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Liconsa2.LiconsaVerificacionBD
com/example/infraestructura/Infra_Granos/GranosBD.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Granos.GranosBD
com/example/infraestructura/Infra_Ave/Ave_Model.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Ave.Ave_Model
com/example/infraestructura/unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas/model/MlTiempoRiego.java
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas.model.MlTiempoRiego
com/example/infraestructura/Catalogos/entidades/Ddr.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Catalogos.entidades.Ddr
com/example/infraestructura/Gps/Trayectoria.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Gps.Trayectoria
com/example/infraestructura/Infra_Porcino/PorcinoBD.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Porcino.PorcinoBD
com/example/infraestructura/unidadcomercializacion/bdcomercializacion/VariablesGlobalesCmrz.java
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcomercializacion.bdcomercializacion.VariablesGlobalesCmrz
com/example/infraestructura/caracterizacion/variables_caracterizacion/VariablesModuloCuatro.java
 com.example.infraestructura.caracterizacion.variables_caracterizacion.VariablesModuloCuatro
com/example/infraestructura/unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas/variables/VariblesGlobalesHortalizas.java
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas.variables.VariblesGlobalesHortalizas
com/example/infraestructura/unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas/db/UtilidadesModuloCinco.java
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas.db.UtilidadesModuloCinco
com/example/infraestructura/Catalogos/entidades/Municipio.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Catalogos.entidades.Municipio
com/example/infraestructura/PGOperativoLeche/PGOperativoLeche_Model.java
 com.example.infraestructura.PGOperativoLeche.PGOperativoLeche_Model
com/example/infraestructura/Infra_Engorda/Engorda_Model.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Engorda.Engorda_Model
com/example/infraestructura/drawer/fragment_drawer/bdmunicipios/VolleySingleton.java
 com.example.infraestructura.drawer.fragment_drawer.bdmunicipios.VolleySingleton
com/example/infraestructura/frutales/dbfrutales/VariablesFrutales.java
 com.example.infraestructura.frutales.dbfrutales.VariablesFrutales
com/example/infraestructura/unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas/db/DatabaseHelper.java
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas.db.DatabaseHelper
com/example/infraestructura/PGBeneficiarioLeche/PGBeneficiarioLecheBD.java
 com.example.infraestructura.PGBeneficiarioLeche.PGBeneficiarioLecheBD
com/example/infraestructura/caracterizacion/variables_caracterizacion/UtilidadesModuloCuatro.java
 com.example.infraestructura.caracterizacion.variables_caracterizacion.UtilidadesModuloCuatro
com/example/infraestructura/PGBeneficiarioGranos/PGB_granos_bd.java
 com.example.infraestructura.PGBeneficiarioGranos.PGB_granos_bd
com/example/infraestructura/Pecuario/UtilidadesPecuario/UtilidadesPecuario.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Pecuario.UtilidadesPecuario.UtilidadesPecuario
com/example/infraestructura/LiconsaBeneficiario/Pasl_b_Model.java
 com.example.infraestructura.LiconsaBeneficiario.Pasl_b_Model
com/example/infraestructura/caracterizacion/variables_caracterizacion/DatePickerFragment.java
 com.example.infraestructura.caracterizacion.variables_caracterizacion.DatePickerFragment
com/example/infraestructura/LiconsaVentanilla/Pasl_o_Model.java
 com.example.infraestructura.LiconsaVentanilla.Pasl_o_Model
com/example/infraestructura/Infra_Lecheros/Lecheros_bd.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Lecheros.Lecheros_bd
com/example/infraestructura/Liconsa/LiconsaBD.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Liconsa.LiconsaBD
com/example/infraestructura/PGOperativoLeche/PGOperativoLeche_bd.java
 com.example.infraestructura.PGOperativoLeche.PGOperativoLeche_bd
com/example/infraestructura/Pecuario/GlobalPecuario/GlobalPecuario.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Pecuario.GlobalPecuario.GlobalPecuario
com/example/infraestructura/unidadcomercializacion/bdcomercializacion/UtilidadesModuloDiez.java
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcomercializacion.bdcomercializacion.UtilidadesModuloDiez
com/example/infraestructura/drawer/fragment_drawer/bdusers/ModelUsuarios.java
 com.example.infraestructura.drawer.fragment_drawer.bdusers.ModelUsuarios
com/example/infraestructura/LiconsaVentanilla/PASLoperativoBD.java
 com.example.infraestructura.LiconsaVentanilla.PASLoperativoBD
com/example/infraestructura/PAROperativo/PARoperativoBD.java
 com.example.infraestructura.PAROperativo.PARoperativoBD
com/example/infraestructura/PARBeneficiario/PARBeneficiarioBD.java
 com.example.infraestructura.PARBeneficiario.PARBeneficiarioBD
com/example/infraestructura/Liconsa2/LiconsaVerificacion_bd.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Liconsa2.LiconsaVerificacion_bd
com/example/infraestructura/drawer/fragment_drawer/bdmunicipios/ModelMunicipios.java
 com.example.infraestructura.drawer.fragment_drawer.bdmunicipios.ModelMunicipios
com/example/infraestructura/Infra_Engorda/Engorda_bd.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Engorda.Engorda_bd
com/example/infraestructura/LiconsaBeneficiario/pasl_beneficiario_bd.java
 com.example.infraestructura.LiconsaBeneficiario.pasl_beneficiario_bd
com/example/infraestructura/PAROperativo/PAR_operativo_model.java
 com.example.infraestructura.PAROperativo.PAR_operativo_model
com/example/infraestructura/Catalogos/entidades/Cader.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Catalogos.entidades.Cader
com/example/infraestructura/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.infraestructura.BuildConfig
com/example/infraestructura/LiconsaVentanilla/pasl_operativo_bd.java
 com.example.infraestructura.LiconsaVentanilla.pasl_operativo_bd
com/example/infraestructura/dbstorage/Coordenadas.java
 com.example.infraestructura.dbstorage.Coordenadas
com/example/infraestructura/General.java
 com.example.infraestructura.General
com/example/infraestructura/caracterizacion/variables_caracterizacion/ConservaGranos.java
 com.example.infraestructura.caracterizacion.variables_caracterizacion.ConservaGranos
com/example/infraestructura/apicola/variables_apicola/UtilidadesModuloSiete.java
 com.example.infraestructura.apicola.variables_apicola.UtilidadesModuloSiete
com/example/infraestructura/PGOperativoEstimulos/PGOperativoEstimulosBD.java
 com.example.infraestructura.PGOperativoEstimulos.PGOperativoEstimulosBD
com/example/infraestructura/Infra_Lecheros/Lecheros_Model.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Lecheros.Lecheros_Model
com/example/infraestructura/PGOperativoGranos/PGOperativoGranos_Model.java
 com.example.infraestructura.PGOperativoGranos.PGOperativoGranos_Model
com/example/infraestructura/Infra_Ave/AveBD.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Ave.AveBD
com/example/infraestructura/Georeferencia/Utilidades.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Georeferencia.Utilidades
com/example/infraestructura/Infra_Granos/Granos_Model.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Granos.Granos_Model
com/example/infraestructura/Liconsa/Liconsa_Model.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Liconsa.Liconsa_Model
com/example/infraestructura/unidadproduccion/variables/UtilidadesModuloTres.java
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadproduccion.variables.UtilidadesModuloTres
com/example/infraestructura/PGBeneficiarioGranos/PGBgranosBD.java
 com.example.infraestructura.PGBeneficiarioGranos.PGBgranosBD
com/example/infraestructura/Infra_Ave/Ave_bd.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Ave.Ave_bd
com/example/infraestructura/Gps/UtilidadesTrayectoria.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Gps.UtilidadesTrayectoria
com/example/infraestructura/PARBeneficiario/PARBeneficiario_bd.java
 com.example.infraestructura.PARBeneficiario.PARBeneficiario_bd
com/example/infraestructura/drawer/fragment_drawer/bdusers/UtilidadesUsuarios.java
 com.example.infraestructura.drawer.fragment_drawer.bdusers.UtilidadesUsuarios
com/example/infraestructura/caracterizacion/variables_caracterizacion/ActividadesCosecha.java
 com.example.infraestructura.caracterizacion.variables_caracterizacion.ActividadesCosecha
com/example/infraestructura/PARBeneficiario/PARBeneficiario_Model.java
 com.example.infraestructura.PARBeneficiario.PARBeneficiario_Model
com/example/infraestructura/unidadproduccion/variables/VariablesGlobalesUpf.java
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadproduccion.variables.VariablesGlobalesUpf
com/example/infraestructura/PGOperativoEstimulos/PGOperativoEstimulos_bd.java
 com.example.infraestructura.PGOperativoEstimulos.PGOperativoEstimulos_bd
com/example/infraestructura/Catalogos/entidades/Delegacion.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Catalogos.entidades.Delegacion
com/example/infraestructura/Infra_Sacrificio/SacrificioBD.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Sacrificio.SacrificioBD
com/example/infraestructura/Catalogos/entidades/Estados.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Catalogos.entidades.Estados
com/example/infraestructura/PGOperativoEstimulos/PGOperativoEstimulos_Model.java
 com.example.infraestructura.PGOperativoEstimulos.PGOperativoEstimulos_Model
com/example/infraestructura/caracterizacion/ciclo_caracterizacion12.java
 com.example.infraestructura.caracterizacion.ciclo_caracterizacion12
 com.example.infraestructura.caracterizacion.ciclo_caracterizacion12$1
 com.example.infraestructura.caracterizacion.ciclo_caracterizacion12$2
com/example/infraestructura/PGOperativoEstimulos/PGOperativoEstimulos.java
 com.example.infraestructura.PGOperativoEstimulos.PGOperativoEstimulos
 com.example.infraestructura.PGOperativoEstimulos.PGOperativoEstimulos$1
 com.example.infraestructura.PGOperativoEstimulos.PGOperativoEstimulos$2
 com.example.infraestructura.PGOperativoEstimulos.PGOperativoEstimulos$3
com/example/infraestructura/apicola/AspectosProductivosApicola.java
 com.example.infraestructura.apicola.AspectosProductivosApicola
 com.example.infraestructura.apicola.AspectosProductivosApicola$1
com/example/infraestructura/Pecuario/PecuarioReproduccionGenetica.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Pecuario.PecuarioReproduccionGenetica
 com.example.infraestructura.Pecuario.PecuarioReproduccionGenetica$1
com/example/infraestructura/Pecuario/PecuarioInicio.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Pecuario.PecuarioInicio
 com.example.infraestructura.Pecuario.PecuarioInicio$1
 com.example.infraestructura.Pecuario.PecuarioInicio$2
 com.example.infraestructura.Pecuario.PecuarioInicio$3
 com.example.infraestructura.Pecuario.PecuarioInicio$4
 com.example.infraestructura.Pecuario.PecuarioInicio$5
com/example/infraestructura/Enviar/Enviar.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Enviar.Enviar
 com.example.infraestructura.Enviar.Enviar$1
 com.example.infraestructura.Enviar.Enviar$10
 com.example.infraestructura.Enviar.Enviar$10$1
 com.example.infraestructura.Enviar.Enviar$11
 com.example.infraestructura.Enviar.Enviar$12
 com.example.infraestructura.Enviar.Enviar$12$1
 com.example.infraestructura.Enviar.Enviar$13
 com.example.infraestructura.Enviar.Enviar$14
 com.example.infraestructura.Enviar.Enviar$15
 com.example.infraestructura.Enviar.Enviar$16
 com.example.infraestructura.Enviar.Enviar$17
 com.example.infraestructura.Enviar.Enviar$18
 com.example.infraestructura.Enviar.Enviar$19
 com.example.infraestructura.Enviar.Enviar$2
 com.example.infraestructura.Enviar.Enviar$2$1
 com.example.infraestructura.Enviar.Enviar$20
 com.example.infraestructura.Enviar.Enviar$21
 com.example.infraestructura.Enviar.Enviar$22
 com.example.infraestructura.Enviar.Enviar$23
 com.example.infraestructura.Enviar.Enviar$24
 com.example.infraestructura.Enviar.Enviar$25
 com.example.infraestructura.Enviar.Enviar$26
 com.example.infraestructura.Enviar.Enviar$27
 com.example.infraestructura.Enviar.Enviar$28
 com.example.infraestructura.Enviar.Enviar$29
 com.example.infraestructura.Enviar.Enviar$3
 com.example.infraestructura.Enviar.Enviar$30
 com.example.infraestructura.Enviar.Enviar$31
 com.example.infraestructura.Enviar.Enviar$31$1
 com.example.infraestructura.Enviar.Enviar$32
 com.example.infraestructura.Enviar.Enviar$33
 com.example.infraestructura.Enviar.Enviar$34
 com.example.infraestructura.Enviar.Enviar$34$1
 com.example.infraestructura.Enviar.Enviar$35
 com.example.infraestructura.Enviar.Enviar$36
 com.example.infraestructura.Enviar.Enviar$37
 com.example.infraestructura.Enviar.Enviar$37$1
 com.example.infraestructura.Enviar.Enviar$38
 com.example.infraestructura.Enviar.Enviar$39
 com.example.infraestructura.Enviar.Enviar$4
 com.example.infraestructura.Enviar.Enviar$4$1
 com.example.infraestructura.Enviar.Enviar$40
 com.example.infraestructura.Enviar.Enviar$40$1
 com.example.infraestructura.Enviar.Enviar$41
 com.example.infraestructura.Enviar.Enviar$42
 com.example.infraestructura.Enviar.Enviar$43
 com.example.infraestructura.Enviar.Enviar$43$1
 com.example.infraestructura.Enviar.Enviar$44
 com.example.infraestructura.Enviar.Enviar$45
 com.example.infraestructura.Enviar.Enviar$46
 com.example.infraestructura.Enviar.Enviar$46$1
 com.example.infraestructura.Enviar.Enviar$47
 com.example.infraestructura.Enviar.Enviar$48
 com.example.infraestructura.Enviar.Enviar$5
 com.example.infraestructura.Enviar.Enviar$6
 com.example.infraestructura.Enviar.Enviar$6$1
 com.example.infraestructura.Enviar.Enviar$7
 com.example.infraestructura.Enviar.Enviar$8
 com.example.infraestructura.Enviar.Enviar$8$1
 com.example.infraestructura.Enviar.Enviar$9
com/example/infraestructura/Geo/FotoActivityDos.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Geo.FotoActivityDos
 com.example.infraestructura.Geo.FotoActivityDos$1
 com.example.infraestructura.Geo.FotoActivityDos$2
 com.example.infraestructura.Geo.FotoActivityDos$3
 com.example.infraestructura.Geo.FotoActivityDos$4
 com.example.infraestructura.Geo.FotoActivityDos$5
 com.example.infraestructura.Geo.FotoActivityDos$6
 com.example.infraestructura.Geo.FotoActivityDos$7
 com.example.infraestructura.Geo.FotoActivityDos$8
com/example/infraestructura/frutales/frutales_8.java
 com.example.infraestructura.frutales.frutales_8
 com.example.infraestructura.frutales.frutales_8$1
 com.example.infraestructura.frutales.frutales_8$2
com/example/infraestructura/caracterizacion/ciclo_caracterizacion9.java
 com.example.infraestructura.caracterizacion.ciclo_caracterizacion9
 com.example.infraestructura.caracterizacion.ciclo_caracterizacion9$1
 com.example.infraestructura.caracterizacion.ciclo_caracterizacion9$2
com/example/infraestructura/frutales/frutales_7.java
 com.example.infraestructura.frutales.frutales_7
 com.example.infraestructura.frutales.frutales_7$1
com/example/infraestructura/Productor/ProductorInfo.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Productor.ProductorInfo
 com.example.infraestructura.Productor.ProductorInfo$1
 com.example.infraestructura.Productor.ProductorInfo$2
com/example/infraestructura/apicola/CosechaApicola.java
 com.example.infraestructura.apicola.CosechaApicola
 com.example.infraestructura.apicola.CosechaApicola$1
com/example/infraestructura/caracterizacion/variables_caracterizacion/CalendarioDate.java
 com.example.infraestructura.caracterizacion.variables_caracterizacion.CalendarioDate
 com.example.infraestructura.caracterizacion.variables_caracterizacion.CalendarioDate$1
com/example/infraestructura/Pecuario/PecuarioComposicDietaOvinosCaprinos.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Pecuario.PecuarioComposicDietaOvinosCaprinos
 com.example.infraestructura.Pecuario.PecuarioComposicDietaOvinosCaprinos$1
com/example/infraestructura/unidadproduccion/ModalidadHidrica.java
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadproduccion.ModalidadHidrica
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadproduccion.ModalidadHidrica$1
com/example/infraestructura/unidadproduccion/TiposAlimentosTres.java
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadproduccion.TiposAlimentosTres
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadproduccion.TiposAlimentosTres$1
com/example/infraestructura/apicola/AlimentacionApicola.java
 com.example.infraestructura.apicola.AlimentacionApicola
 com.example.infraestructura.apicola.AlimentacionApicola$1
com/example/infraestructura/frutales/frutales_6.java
 com.example.infraestructura.frutales.frutales_6
 com.example.infraestructura.frutales.frutales_6$1
com/example/infraestructura/unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas/PostCosecha.java
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas.PostCosecha
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas.PostCosecha$1
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas.PostCosecha$2
com/example/infraestructura/Productor/ProductorEconom.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Productor.ProductorEconom
 com.example.infraestructura.Productor.ProductorEconom$1
 com.example.infraestructura.Productor.ProductorEconom$2
 com.example.infraestructura.Productor.ProductorEconom$3
com/example/infraestructura/Gps/GpsActivity.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Gps.GpsActivity
com/example/infraestructura/Georeferencia/GeoreferenciaActivity.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Georeferencia.GeoreferenciaActivity
 com.example.infraestructura.Georeferencia.GeoreferenciaActivity$1
 com.example.infraestructura.Georeferencia.GeoreferenciaActivity$2
com/example/infraestructura/frutales/frutales_11.java
 com.example.infraestructura.frutales.frutales_11
 com.example.infraestructura.frutales.frutales_11$1
com/example/infraestructura/caracterizacion/ciclo_caracterizacion11.java
 com.example.infraestructura.caracterizacion.ciclo_caracterizacion11
 com.example.infraestructura.caracterizacion.ciclo_caracterizacion11$1
com/example/infraestructura/Pecuario/PecuarioDietaOvinosCaprinosAlimentos.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Pecuario.PecuarioDietaOvinosCaprinosAlimentos
 com.example.infraestructura.Pecuario.PecuarioDietaOvinosCaprinosAlimentos$1
com/example/infraestructura/Liconsa/Liconsa.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Liconsa.Liconsa
 com.example.infraestructura.Liconsa.Liconsa$1
 com.example.infraestructura.Liconsa.Liconsa$10
 com.example.infraestructura.Liconsa.Liconsa$11
 com.example.infraestructura.Liconsa.Liconsa$12
 com.example.infraestructura.Liconsa.Liconsa$13
 com.example.infraestructura.Liconsa.Liconsa$14
 com.example.infraestructura.Liconsa.Liconsa$15
 com.example.infraestructura.Liconsa.Liconsa$16
 com.example.infraestructura.Liconsa.Liconsa$17
 com.example.infraestructura.Liconsa.Liconsa$18
 com.example.infraestructura.Liconsa.Liconsa$19
 com.example.infraestructura.Liconsa.Liconsa$2
 com.example.infraestructura.Liconsa.Liconsa$20
 com.example.infraestructura.Liconsa.Liconsa$21
 com.example.infraestructura.Liconsa.Liconsa$22
 com.example.infraestructura.Liconsa.Liconsa$22$1
 com.example.infraestructura.Liconsa.Liconsa$23
 com.example.infraestructura.Liconsa.Liconsa$23$1
 com.example.infraestructura.Liconsa.Liconsa$24
 com.example.infraestructura.Liconsa.Liconsa$25
 com.example.infraestructura.Liconsa.Liconsa$3
 com.example.infraestructura.Liconsa.Liconsa$4
 com.example.infraestructura.Liconsa.Liconsa$5
 com.example.infraestructura.Liconsa.Liconsa$6
 com.example.infraestructura.Liconsa.Liconsa$7
 com.example.infraestructura.Liconsa.Liconsa$8
 com.example.infraestructura.Liconsa.Liconsa$9
com/example/infraestructura/unidadcomercializacion/comercializacion_2.java
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcomercializacion.comercializacion_2
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcomercializacion.comercializacion_2$1
com/example/infraestructura/PGBeneficiarioLeche/PGBeneficiarioLeche.java
 com.example.infraestructura.PGBeneficiarioLeche.PGBeneficiarioLeche
 com.example.infraestructura.PGBeneficiarioLeche.PGBeneficiarioLeche$1
 com.example.infraestructura.PGBeneficiarioLeche.PGBeneficiarioLeche$2
 com.example.infraestructura.PGBeneficiarioLeche.PGBeneficiarioLeche$3
 com.example.infraestructura.PGBeneficiarioLeche.PGBeneficiarioLeche$4
 com.example.infraestructura.PGBeneficiarioLeche.PGBeneficiarioLeche$5
com/example/infraestructura/IdentificacionCuestionario.java
 com.example.infraestructura.IdentificacionCuestionario
 com.example.infraestructura.IdentificacionCuestionario$1
 com.example.infraestructura.IdentificacionCuestionario$10
 com.example.infraestructura.IdentificacionCuestionario$11
 com.example.infraestructura.IdentificacionCuestionario$12
 com.example.infraestructura.IdentificacionCuestionario$13
 com.example.infraestructura.IdentificacionCuestionario$14
 com.example.infraestructura.IdentificacionCuestionario$15
 com.example.infraestructura.IdentificacionCuestionario$16
 com.example.infraestructura.IdentificacionCuestionario$17
 com.example.infraestructura.IdentificacionCuestionario$18
 com.example.infraestructura.IdentificacionCuestionario$19
 com.example.infraestructura.IdentificacionCuestionario$2
 com.example.infraestructura.IdentificacionCuestionario$20
 com.example.infraestructura.IdentificacionCuestionario$21
 com.example.infraestructura.IdentificacionCuestionario$22
 com.example.infraestructura.IdentificacionCuestionario$23
 com.example.infraestructura.IdentificacionCuestionario$24
 com.example.infraestructura.IdentificacionCuestionario$25
 com.example.infraestructura.IdentificacionCuestionario$26
 com.example.infraestructura.IdentificacionCuestionario$3
 com.example.infraestructura.IdentificacionCuestionario$4
 com.example.infraestructura.IdentificacionCuestionario$5
 com.example.infraestructura.IdentificacionCuestionario$6
 com.example.infraestructura.IdentificacionCuestionario$7
 com.example.infraestructura.IdentificacionCuestionario$8
 com.example.infraestructura.IdentificacionCuestionario$9
com/example/infraestructura/unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas/model/MlTiempoRiegoAdapter.java
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas.model.MlTiempoRiegoAdapter
com/example/infraestructura/frutales/frutales_4_0.java
 com.example.infraestructura.frutales.frutales_4_0
 com.example.infraestructura.frutales.frutales_4_0$1
 com.example.infraestructura.frutales.frutales_4_0$2
 com.example.infraestructura.frutales.frutales_4_0$3
com/example/infraestructura/frutales/frutales_9.java
 com.example.infraestructura.frutales.frutales_9
com/example/infraestructura/unidadcomercializacion/comercializacion_3_1.java
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcomercializacion.comercializacion_3_1
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcomercializacion.comercializacion_3_1$1
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcomercializacion.comercializacion_3_1$2
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcomercializacion.comercializacion_3_1$3
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcomercializacion.comercializacion_3_1$4
com/example/infraestructura/PARBeneficiario/PARBeneficiario.java
 com.example.infraestructura.PARBeneficiario.PARBeneficiario
 com.example.infraestructura.PARBeneficiario.PARBeneficiario$1
 com.example.infraestructura.PARBeneficiario.PARBeneficiario$10
 com.example.infraestructura.PARBeneficiario.PARBeneficiario$11
 com.example.infraestructura.PARBeneficiario.PARBeneficiario$12
 com.example.infraestructura.PARBeneficiario.PARBeneficiario$2
 com.example.infraestructura.PARBeneficiario.PARBeneficiario$3
 com.example.infraestructura.PARBeneficiario.PARBeneficiario$4
 com.example.infraestructura.PARBeneficiario.PARBeneficiario$5
 com.example.infraestructura.PARBeneficiario.PARBeneficiario$6
 com.example.infraestructura.PARBeneficiario.PARBeneficiario$7
 com.example.infraestructura.PARBeneficiario.PARBeneficiario$8
 com.example.infraestructura.PARBeneficiario.PARBeneficiario$9
com/example/infraestructura/caracterizacion/ciclo_caracterizacion.java
 com.example.infraestructura.caracterizacion.ciclo_caracterizacion
 com.example.infraestructura.caracterizacion.ciclo_caracterizacion$1
com/example/infraestructura/unidadproduccion/TiposAlimentos.java
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadproduccion.TiposAlimentos
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadproduccion.TiposAlimentos$1
com/example/infraestructura/Principal.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Principal
 com.example.infraestructura.Principal$1
com/example/infraestructura/drawer/fragment_drawer/ExportarFragment.java
 com.example.infraestructura.drawer.fragment_drawer.ExportarFragment
 com.example.infraestructura.drawer.fragment_drawer.ExportarFragment$1
 com.example.infraestructura.drawer.fragment_drawer.ExportarFragment$1$1
 com.example.infraestructura.drawer.fragment_drawer.ExportarFragment$1$2
 com.example.infraestructura.drawer.fragment_drawer.ExportarFragment$2
 com.example.infraestructura.drawer.fragment_drawer.ExportarFragment$2$1
 com.example.infraestructura.drawer.fragment_drawer.ExportarFragment$TareaAsyncTask
com/example/infraestructura/unidadcomercializacion/comercializacion_3.java
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcomercializacion.comercializacion_3
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcomercializacion.comercializacion_3$1
com/example/infraestructura/unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas/ControlMalezas.java
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas.ControlMalezas
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas.ControlMalezas$1
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas.ControlMalezas$2
com/example/infraestructura/unidadcomercializacion/Apicultura_4.java
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcomercializacion.Apicultura_4
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcomercializacion.Apicultura_4$1
com/example/infraestructura/unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas/HortalizasPvunob.java
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas.HortalizasPvunob
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas.HortalizasPvunob$1
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas.HortalizasPvunob$2
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas.HortalizasPvunob$3
com/example/infraestructura/NewCamara.java
 com.example.infraestructura.NewCamara
 com.example.infraestructura.NewCamara$1
 com.example.infraestructura.NewCamara$1$1
 com.example.infraestructura.NewCamara$2
 com.example.infraestructura.NewCamara$2$1
 com.example.infraestructura.NewCamara$3
 com.example.infraestructura.NewCamara$3$1
 com.example.infraestructura.NewCamara$4
 com.example.infraestructura.NewCamara$4$1
com/example/infraestructura/frutales/frutales_13.java
 com.example.infraestructura.frutales.frutales_13
 com.example.infraestructura.frutales.frutales_13$1
com/example/infraestructura/apicola/EnfermedadesCambioPanales.java
 com.example.infraestructura.apicola.EnfermedadesCambioPanales
 com.example.infraestructura.apicola.EnfermedadesCambioPanales$1
 com.example.infraestructura.apicola.EnfermedadesCambioPanales$2
com/example/infraestructura/PGBeneficiariosGranosIncentivos/PGBeneficiariosGranosIncentivos.java
 com.example.infraestructura.PGBeneficiariosGranosIncentivos.PGBeneficiariosGranosIncentivos
 com.example.infraestructura.PGBeneficiariosGranosIncentivos.PGBeneficiariosGranosIncentivos$1
 com.example.infraestructura.PGBeneficiariosGranosIncentivos.PGBeneficiariosGranosIncentivos$10
 com.example.infraestructura.PGBeneficiariosGranosIncentivos.PGBeneficiariosGranosIncentivos$11
 com.example.infraestructura.PGBeneficiariosGranosIncentivos.PGBeneficiariosGranosIncentivos$12
 com.example.infraestructura.PGBeneficiariosGranosIncentivos.PGBeneficiariosGranosIncentivos$13
 com.example.infraestructura.PGBeneficiariosGranosIncentivos.PGBeneficiariosGranosIncentivos$14
 com.example.infraestructura.PGBeneficiariosGranosIncentivos.PGBeneficiariosGranosIncentivos$15
 com.example.infraestructura.PGBeneficiariosGranosIncentivos.PGBeneficiariosGranosIncentivos$16
 com.example.infraestructura.PGBeneficiariosGranosIncentivos.PGBeneficiariosGranosIncentivos$2
 com.example.infraestructura.PGBeneficiariosGranosIncentivos.PGBeneficiariosGranosIncentivos$3
 com.example.infraestructura.PGBeneficiariosGranosIncentivos.PGBeneficiariosGranosIncentivos$4
 com.example.infraestructura.PGBeneficiariosGranosIncentivos.PGBeneficiariosGranosIncentivos$5
 com.example.infraestructura.PGBeneficiariosGranosIncentivos.PGBeneficiariosGranosIncentivos$6
 com.example.infraestructura.PGBeneficiariosGranosIncentivos.PGBeneficiariosGranosIncentivos$7
 com.example.infraestructura.PGBeneficiariosGranosIncentivos.PGBeneficiariosGranosIncentivos$8
 com.example.infraestructura.PGBeneficiariosGranosIncentivos.PGBeneficiariosGranosIncentivos$9
com/example/infraestructura/PGOperativoLeche/PGOperativoLeche.java
 com.example.infraestructura.PGOperativoLeche.PGOperativoLeche
 com.example.infraestructura.PGOperativoLeche.PGOperativoLeche$1
 com.example.infraestructura.PGOperativoLeche.PGOperativoLeche$2
 com.example.infraestructura.PGOperativoLeche.PGOperativoLeche$3
com/example/infraestructura/unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas/FertilizanteSi.java
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas.FertilizanteSi
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas.FertilizanteSi$1
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas.FertilizanteSi$2
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas.FertilizanteSi$3
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas.FertilizanteSi$4
com/example/infraestructura/unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas/date/CalendarioActivity.java
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas.date.CalendarioActivity
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas.date.CalendarioActivity$1
com/example/infraestructura/unidadproduccion/FuenteAgua.java
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadproduccion.FuenteAgua
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadproduccion.FuenteAgua$1
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadproduccion.FuenteAgua$2
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadproduccion.FuenteAgua$3
com/example/infraestructura/unidadproduccion/ProduccionAcuicola.java
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadproduccion.ProduccionAcuicola
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadproduccion.ProduccionAcuicola$1
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadproduccion.ProduccionAcuicola$2
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadproduccion.ProduccionAcuicola$3
com/example/infraestructura/Pecuario/PecuarioAgregarAlimentos.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Pecuario.PecuarioAgregarAlimentos
 com.example.infraestructura.Pecuario.PecuarioAgregarAlimentos$1
 com.example.infraestructura.Pecuario.PecuarioAgregarAlimentos$2
com/example/infraestructura/drawer/fragment_drawer/SyncUserFragment.java
 com.example.infraestructura.drawer.fragment_drawer.SyncUserFragment
 com.example.infraestructura.drawer.fragment_drawer.SyncUserFragment$1
 com.example.infraestructura.drawer.fragment_drawer.SyncUserFragment$2
 com.example.infraestructura.drawer.fragment_drawer.SyncUserFragment$3
 com.example.infraestructura.drawer.fragment_drawer.SyncUserFragment$4
 com.example.infraestructura.drawer.fragment_drawer.SyncUserFragment$TareaAsyncTask
com/example/infraestructura/LiconsaVentanilla/PASLOperativo.java
 com.example.infraestructura.LiconsaVentanilla.PASLOperativo
 com.example.infraestructura.LiconsaVentanilla.PASLOperativo$1
 com.example.infraestructura.LiconsaVentanilla.PASLOperativo$2
 com.example.infraestructura.LiconsaVentanilla.PASLOperativo$3
 com.example.infraestructura.LiconsaVentanilla.PASLOperativo$4
 com.example.infraestructura.LiconsaVentanilla.PASLOperativo$5
com/example/infraestructura/frutales/frutales_4.java
 com.example.infraestructura.frutales.frutales_4
 com.example.infraestructura.frutales.frutales_4$1
com/example/infraestructura/Infra_Sacrificio/Sacrificio_1.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Sacrificio.Sacrificio_1
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Sacrificio.Sacrificio_1$1
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Sacrificio.Sacrificio_1$2
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Sacrificio.Sacrificio_1$3
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Sacrificio.Sacrificio_1$4
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Sacrificio.Sacrificio_1$5
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Sacrificio.Sacrificio_1$6
com/example/infraestructura/Pecuario/PecuarioCaprinos.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Pecuario.PecuarioCaprinos
 com.example.infraestructura.Pecuario.PecuarioCaprinos$1
 com.example.infraestructura.Pecuario.PecuarioCaprinos$2
com/example/infraestructura/drawer/fragment_drawer/LiconsaPrecios.java
 com.example.infraestructura.drawer.fragment_drawer.LiconsaPrecios
 com.example.infraestructura.drawer.fragment_drawer.LiconsaPrecios$1
 com.example.infraestructura.drawer.fragment_drawer.LiconsaPrecios$2
 com.example.infraestructura.drawer.fragment_drawer.LiconsaPrecios$2$1
 com.example.infraestructura.drawer.fragment_drawer.LiconsaPrecios$3
 com.example.infraestructura.drawer.fragment_drawer.LiconsaPrecios$3$1
com/example/infraestructura/caracterizacion/ciclo_caracterizacion8.java
 com.example.infraestructura.caracterizacion.ciclo_caracterizacion8
 com.example.infraestructura.caracterizacion.ciclo_caracterizacion8$1
 com.example.infraestructura.caracterizacion.ciclo_caracterizacion8$2
 com.example.infraestructura.caracterizacion.ciclo_caracterizacion8$3
com/example/infraestructura/caracterizacion/ciclo_caracterizacion2.java
 com.example.infraestructura.caracterizacion.ciclo_caracterizacion2
 com.example.infraestructura.caracterizacion.ciclo_caracterizacion2$1
 com.example.infraestructura.caracterizacion.ciclo_caracterizacion2$2
 com.example.infraestructura.caracterizacion.ciclo_caracterizacion2$3
 com.example.infraestructura.caracterizacion.ciclo_caracterizacion2$4
 com.example.infraestructura.caracterizacion.ciclo_caracterizacion2$5
com/example/infraestructura/caracterizacion/ciclo_caracterizacion5.java
 com.example.infraestructura.caracterizacion.ciclo_caracterizacion5
 com.example.infraestructura.caracterizacion.ciclo_caracterizacion5$1
com/example/infraestructura/unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas/HortalizasPvunoC.java
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas.HortalizasPvunoC
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas.HortalizasPvunoC$1
com/example/infraestructura/Pecuario/EstructuraDelHato.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Pecuario.EstructuraDelHato
 com.example.infraestructura.Pecuario.EstructuraDelHato$1
com/example/infraestructura/Segunda.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Segunda
 com.example.infraestructura.Segunda$1
com/example/infraestructura/unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas/Nutricion.java
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas.Nutricion
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas.Nutricion$1
com/example/infraestructura/Infra_Lecheros/lecheros1.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Lecheros.lecheros1
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Lecheros.lecheros1$1
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Lecheros.lecheros1$2
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Lecheros.lecheros1$3
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Lecheros.lecheros1$4
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Lecheros.lecheros1$5
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Lecheros.lecheros1$6
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Lecheros.lecheros1$7
com/example/infraestructura/frutales/frutales_10.java
 com.example.infraestructura.frutales.frutales_10
 com.example.infraestructura.frutales.frutales_10$1
 com.example.infraestructura.frutales.frutales_10$2
com/example/infraestructura/unidadproduccion/ProduccionPecuaria.java
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadproduccion.ProduccionPecuaria
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadproduccion.ProduccionPecuaria$1
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadproduccion.ProduccionPecuaria$2
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadproduccion.ProduccionPecuaria$3
com/example/infraestructura/unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas/TiempoRiego.java
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas.TiempoRiego
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas.TiempoRiego$1
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas.TiempoRiego$2
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas.TiempoRiego$3
com/example/infraestructura/Geo/GeoFotos.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Geo.GeoFotos
 com.example.infraestructura.Geo.GeoFotos$1
 com.example.infraestructura.Geo.GeoFotos$2
 com.example.infraestructura.Geo.GeoFotos$2$1
 com.example.infraestructura.Geo.GeoFotos$Localizacion
com/example/infraestructura/LiconsaBeneficiario/PASLBeneficiario.java
 com.example.infraestructura.LiconsaBeneficiario.PASLBeneficiario
 com.example.infraestructura.LiconsaBeneficiario.PASLBeneficiario$1
 com.example.infraestructura.LiconsaBeneficiario.PASLBeneficiario$10
 com.example.infraestructura.LiconsaBeneficiario.PASLBeneficiario$11
 com.example.infraestructura.LiconsaBeneficiario.PASLBeneficiario$12
 com.example.infraestructura.LiconsaBeneficiario.PASLBeneficiario$13
 com.example.infraestructura.LiconsaBeneficiario.PASLBeneficiario$14
 com.example.infraestructura.LiconsaBeneficiario.PASLBeneficiario$15
 com.example.infraestructura.LiconsaBeneficiario.PASLBeneficiario$2
 com.example.infraestructura.LiconsaBeneficiario.PASLBeneficiario$3
 com.example.infraestructura.LiconsaBeneficiario.PASLBeneficiario$4
 com.example.infraestructura.LiconsaBeneficiario.PASLBeneficiario$5
 com.example.infraestructura.LiconsaBeneficiario.PASLBeneficiario$6
 com.example.infraestructura.LiconsaBeneficiario.PASLBeneficiario$7
 com.example.infraestructura.LiconsaBeneficiario.PASLBeneficiario$8
 com.example.infraestructura.LiconsaBeneficiario.PASLBeneficiario$9
com/example/infraestructura/infraestructura_1.java
 com.example.infraestructura.infraestructura_1
 com.example.infraestructura.infraestructura_1$1
 com.example.infraestructura.infraestructura_1$2
 com.example.infraestructura.infraestructura_1$3
 com.example.infraestructura.infraestructura_1$4
com/example/infraestructura/unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas/ControlPlagasEnfermB.java
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas.ControlPlagasEnfermB
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas.ControlPlagasEnfermB$1
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas.ControlPlagasEnfermB$2
com/example/infraestructura/Pecuario/PecuarioAlimentacionGanado.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Pecuario.PecuarioAlimentacionGanado
 com.example.infraestructura.Pecuario.PecuarioAlimentacionGanado$1
com/example/infraestructura/unidadcomercializacion/comercializacion_6.java
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcomercializacion.comercializacion_6
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcomercializacion.comercializacion_6$1
com/example/infraestructura/caracterizacion/ciclo_caracterizacion4.java
 com.example.infraestructura.caracterizacion.ciclo_caracterizacion4
 com.example.infraestructura.caracterizacion.ciclo_caracterizacion4$1
 com.example.infraestructura.caracterizacion.ciclo_caracterizacion4$2
com/example/infraestructura/Pecuario/PecuarioOvinos.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Pecuario.PecuarioOvinos
 com.example.infraestructura.Pecuario.PecuarioOvinos$1
 com.example.infraestructura.Pecuario.PecuarioOvinos$2
com/example/infraestructura/unidadcomercializacion/Apicultura_1.java
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcomercializacion.Apicultura_1
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcomercializacion.Apicultura_1$1
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcomercializacion.Apicultura_1$2
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcomercializacion.Apicultura_1$3
com/example/infraestructura/Pecuario/InventarioGanBovinoLeche.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Pecuario.InventarioGanBovinoLeche
 com.example.infraestructura.Pecuario.InventarioGanBovinoLeche$1
com/example/infraestructura/Firma.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Firma
 com.example.infraestructura.Firma$1
 com.example.infraestructura.Firma$2
com/example/infraestructura/unidadproduccion/model/ActividadAgricolaAdapter.java
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadproduccion.model.ActividadAgricolaAdapter
com/example/infraestructura/Infra_Ave/Ave.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Ave.Ave
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Ave.Ave$1
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Ave.Ave$2
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Ave.Ave$3
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Ave.Ave$4
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Ave.Ave$5
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Ave.Ave$6
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Ave.Ave$7
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Ave.Ave$8
com/example/infraestructura/Infra_Porcino/Porcino.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Porcino.Porcino
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Porcino.Porcino$1
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Porcino.Porcino$10
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Porcino.Porcino$11
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Porcino.Porcino$12
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Porcino.Porcino$13
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Porcino.Porcino$14
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Porcino.Porcino$15
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Porcino.Porcino$2
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Porcino.Porcino$3
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Porcino.Porcino$4
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Porcino.Porcino$5
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Porcino.Porcino$6
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Porcino.Porcino$7
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Porcino.Porcino$8
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Porcino.Porcino$9
com/example/infraestructura/Pecuario/InventarioGanCaprino.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Pecuario.InventarioGanCaprino
 com.example.infraestructura.Pecuario.InventarioGanCaprino$1
com/example/infraestructura/frutales/frutales_1.java
 com.example.infraestructura.frutales.frutales_1
 com.example.infraestructura.frutales.frutales_1$1
 com.example.infraestructura.frutales.frutales_1$2
 com.example.infraestructura.frutales.frutales_1$3
 com.example.infraestructura.frutales.frutales_1$4
 com.example.infraestructura.frutales.frutales_1$5
 com.example.infraestructura.frutales.frutales_1$6
 com.example.infraestructura.frutales.frutales_1$7
com/example/infraestructura/Pecuario/PecuarioParamProdReproductivos.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Pecuario.PecuarioParamProdReproductivos
 com.example.infraestructura.Pecuario.PecuarioParamProdReproductivos$1
com/example/infraestructura/frutales/frutales_3.java
 com.example.infraestructura.frutales.frutales_3
 com.example.infraestructura.frutales.frutales_3$1
 com.example.infraestructura.frutales.frutales_3$2
 com.example.infraestructura.frutales.frutales_3$3
com/example/infraestructura/apicola/CapacitacionAsistenciaApicola.java
 com.example.infraestructura.apicola.CapacitacionAsistenciaApicola
 com.example.infraestructura.apicola.CapacitacionAsistenciaApicola$1
 com.example.infraestructura.apicola.CapacitacionAsistenciaApicola$2
com/example/infraestructura/unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas/CosechaB.java
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas.CosechaB
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas.CosechaB$1
com/example/infraestructura/frutales/frutales_14.java
 com.example.infraestructura.frutales.frutales_14
 com.example.infraestructura.frutales.frutales_14$1
com/example/infraestructura/unidadproduccion/TiposAlimentosDos.java
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadproduccion.TiposAlimentosDos
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadproduccion.TiposAlimentosDos$1
com/example/infraestructura/apicola/ManejoApicola.java
 com.example.infraestructura.apicola.ManejoApicola
 com.example.infraestructura.apicola.ManejoApicola$1
 com.example.infraestructura.apicola.ManejoApicola$2
com/example/infraestructura/unidadcomercializacion/comercializacion_8.java
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcomercializacion.comercializacion_8
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcomercializacion.comercializacion_8$1
com/example/infraestructura/unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas/FoliarRiego.java
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas.FoliarRiego
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas.FoliarRiego$1
com/example/infraestructura/PAROperativo/PAR_Operativo.java
 com.example.infraestructura.PAROperativo.PAR_Operativo
 com.example.infraestructura.PAROperativo.PAR_Operativo$1
 com.example.infraestructura.PAROperativo.PAR_Operativo$10
 com.example.infraestructura.PAROperativo.PAR_Operativo$11
 com.example.infraestructura.PAROperativo.PAR_Operativo$12
 com.example.infraestructura.PAROperativo.PAR_Operativo$13
 com.example.infraestructura.PAROperativo.PAR_Operativo$14
 com.example.infraestructura.PAROperativo.PAR_Operativo$15
 com.example.infraestructura.PAROperativo.PAR_Operativo$16
 com.example.infraestructura.PAROperativo.PAR_Operativo$17
 com.example.infraestructura.PAROperativo.PAR_Operativo$18
 com.example.infraestructura.PAROperativo.PAR_Operativo$19
 com.example.infraestructura.PAROperativo.PAR_Operativo$2
 com.example.infraestructura.PAROperativo.PAR_Operativo$3
 com.example.infraestructura.PAROperativo.PAR_Operativo$4
 com.example.infraestructura.PAROperativo.PAR_Operativo$5
 com.example.infraestructura.PAROperativo.PAR_Operativo$6
 com.example.infraestructura.PAROperativo.PAR_Operativo$7
 com.example.infraestructura.PAROperativo.PAR_Operativo$8
 com.example.infraestructura.PAROperativo.PAR_Operativo$9
com/example/infraestructura/unidadproduccion/UnidadProduccion.java
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadproduccion.UnidadProduccion
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadproduccion.UnidadProduccion$1
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadproduccion.UnidadProduccion$2
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadproduccion.UnidadProduccion$3
com/example/infraestructura/unidadcomercializacion/Apicultura_2.java
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcomercializacion.Apicultura_2
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcomercializacion.Apicultura_2$1
com/example/infraestructura/Productor/ProductorFamilia.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Productor.ProductorFamilia
 com.example.infraestructura.Productor.ProductorFamilia$1
 com.example.infraestructura.Productor.ProductorFamilia$2
com/example/infraestructura/caracterizacion/ciclo_caracterizacion_tabla.java
 com.example.infraestructura.caracterizacion.ciclo_caracterizacion_tabla
 com.example.infraestructura.caracterizacion.ciclo_caracterizacion_tabla$1
 com.example.infraestructura.caracterizacion.ciclo_caracterizacion_tabla$2
 com.example.infraestructura.caracterizacion.ciclo_caracterizacion_tabla$3
com/example/infraestructura/unidadcomercializacion/comercializacion_5.java
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcomercializacion.comercializacion_5
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcomercializacion.comercializacion_5$1
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcomercializacion.comercializacion_5$2
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcomercializacion.comercializacion_5$3
com/example/infraestructura/apicola/HerramientasProteccion.java
 com.example.infraestructura.apicola.HerramientasProteccion
 com.example.infraestructura.apicola.HerramientasProteccion$1
 com.example.infraestructura.apicola.HerramientasProteccion$2
 com.example.infraestructura.apicola.HerramientasProteccion$3
com/example/infraestructura/unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas/hortalizas.java
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas.hortalizas
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas.hortalizas$1
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas.hortalizas$2
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas.hortalizas$3
com/example/infraestructura/unidadproduccion/TenenciaTierra.java
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadproduccion.TenenciaTierra
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadproduccion.TenenciaTierra$1
com/example/infraestructura/Gps/GpsTrayectoria.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Gps.GpsTrayectoria
 com.example.infraestructura.Gps.GpsTrayectoria$1
 com.example.infraestructura.Gps.GpsTrayectoria$2
 com.example.infraestructura.Gps.GpsTrayectoria$3
 com.example.infraestructura.Gps.GpsTrayectoria$4
 com.example.infraestructura.Gps.GpsTrayectoria$4$1
com/example/infraestructura/unidadproduccion/ProduccionForestal.java
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadproduccion.ProduccionForestal
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadproduccion.ProduccionForestal$1
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadproduccion.ProduccionForestal$2
com/example/infraestructura/caracterizacion/ciclo_caracterizacion7.java
 com.example.infraestructura.caracterizacion.ciclo_caracterizacion7
 com.example.infraestructura.caracterizacion.ciclo_caracterizacion7$1
com/example/infraestructura/drawer/fragment_drawer/SyncMunFragment.java
 com.example.infraestructura.drawer.fragment_drawer.SyncMunFragment
 com.example.infraestructura.drawer.fragment_drawer.SyncMunFragment$1
 com.example.infraestructura.drawer.fragment_drawer.SyncMunFragment$2
 com.example.infraestructura.drawer.fragment_drawer.SyncMunFragment$3
 com.example.infraestructura.drawer.fragment_drawer.SyncMunFragment$4
 com.example.infraestructura.drawer.fragment_drawer.SyncMunFragment$TareaAsyncTask
com/example/infraestructura/PGBeneficiarioGranos/PGBeneficiariosGranos.java
 com.example.infraestructura.PGBeneficiarioGranos.PGBeneficiariosGranos
 com.example.infraestructura.PGBeneficiarioGranos.PGBeneficiariosGranos$1
 com.example.infraestructura.PGBeneficiarioGranos.PGBeneficiariosGranos$2
 com.example.infraestructura.PGBeneficiarioGranos.PGBeneficiariosGranos$3
 com.example.infraestructura.PGBeneficiarioGranos.PGBeneficiariosGranos$4
 com.example.infraestructura.PGBeneficiarioGranos.PGBeneficiariosGranos$5
 com.example.infraestructura.PGBeneficiarioGranos.PGBeneficiariosGranos$6
 com.example.infraestructura.PGBeneficiarioGranos.PGBeneficiariosGranos$7
com/example/infraestructura/caracterizacion/ciclo_caracterizacion6.java
 com.example.infraestructura.caracterizacion.ciclo_caracterizacion6
 com.example.infraestructura.caracterizacion.ciclo_caracterizacion6$1
 com.example.infraestructura.caracterizacion.ciclo_caracterizacion6$2
 com.example.infraestructura.caracterizacion.ciclo_caracterizacion6$3
 com.example.infraestructura.caracterizacion.ciclo_caracterizacion6$4
com/example/infraestructura/unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas/HortalizasPvunoD.java
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas.HortalizasPvunoD
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas.HortalizasPvunoD$1
com/example/infraestructura/Pecuario/ManejoSanitarioOrdenia.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Pecuario.ManejoSanitarioOrdenia
 com.example.infraestructura.Pecuario.ManejoSanitarioOrdenia$1
com/example/infraestructura/Pecuario/PecuarioManejoSanGanado.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Pecuario.PecuarioManejoSanGanado
 com.example.infraestructura.Pecuario.PecuarioManejoSanGanado$1
com/example/infraestructura/caracterizacion/ciclo_carac.java
 com.example.infraestructura.caracterizacion.ciclo_carac
 com.example.infraestructura.caracterizacion.ciclo_carac$1
 com.example.infraestructura.caracterizacion.ciclo_carac$2
 com.example.infraestructura.caracterizacion.ciclo_carac$3
com/example/infraestructura/apicola/SanidadApicola.java
 com.example.infraestructura.apicola.SanidadApicola
 com.example.infraestructura.apicola.SanidadApicola$1
com/example/infraestructura/unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas/Cosecha.java
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas.Cosecha
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas.Cosecha$1
com/example/infraestructura/Geo/FotoActivityUno.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Geo.FotoActivityUno
 com.example.infraestructura.Geo.FotoActivityUno$1
 com.example.infraestructura.Geo.FotoActivityUno$2
 com.example.infraestructura.Geo.FotoActivityUno$3
 com.example.infraestructura.Geo.FotoActivityUno$4
 com.example.infraestructura.Geo.FotoActivityUno$5
 com.example.infraestructura.Geo.FotoActivityUno$6
 com.example.infraestructura.Geo.FotoActivityUno$7
 com.example.infraestructura.Geo.FotoActivityUno$8
 com.example.infraestructura.Geo.FotoActivityUno$9
com/example/infraestructura/frutales/frutales_12.java
 com.example.infraestructura.frutales.frutales_12
 com.example.infraestructura.frutales.frutales_12$1
com/example/infraestructura/Infra_Engorda/Engorda.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Engorda.Engorda
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Engorda.Engorda$1
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Engorda.Engorda$2
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Engorda.Engorda$3
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Engorda.Engorda$4
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Engorda.Engorda$5
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Engorda.Engorda$6
com/example/infraestructura/Pecuario/PecuarioManejoAgostadero.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Pecuario.PecuarioManejoAgostadero
 com.example.infraestructura.Pecuario.PecuarioManejoAgostadero$1
 com.example.infraestructura.Pecuario.PecuarioManejoAgostadero$2
com/example/infraestructura/unidadcomercializacion/comercializacion_7.java
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcomercializacion.comercializacion_7
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcomercializacion.comercializacion_7$1
com/example/infraestructura/unidadcomercializacion/comercializacion_4.java
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcomercializacion.comercializacion_4
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcomercializacion.comercializacion_4$1
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcomercializacion.comercializacion_4$2
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcomercializacion.comercializacion_4$3
com/example/infraestructura/Productor/IntegranteFamilia.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Productor.IntegranteFamilia
 com.example.infraestructura.Productor.IntegranteFamilia$1
 com.example.infraestructura.Productor.IntegranteFamilia$2
com/example/infraestructura/PGOperativoGranos/PGOperativoGranos.java
 com.example.infraestructura.PGOperativoGranos.PGOperativoGranos
 com.example.infraestructura.PGOperativoGranos.PGOperativoGranos$1
 com.example.infraestructura.PGOperativoGranos.PGOperativoGranos$10
 com.example.infraestructura.PGOperativoGranos.PGOperativoGranos$11
 com.example.infraestructura.PGOperativoGranos.PGOperativoGranos$12
 com.example.infraestructura.PGOperativoGranos.PGOperativoGranos$13
 com.example.infraestructura.PGOperativoGranos.PGOperativoGranos$2
 com.example.infraestructura.PGOperativoGranos.PGOperativoGranos$3
 com.example.infraestructura.PGOperativoGranos.PGOperativoGranos$4
 com.example.infraestructura.PGOperativoGranos.PGOperativoGranos$5
 com.example.infraestructura.PGOperativoGranos.PGOperativoGranos$6
 com.example.infraestructura.PGOperativoGranos.PGOperativoGranos$7
 com.example.infraestructura.PGOperativoGranos.PGOperativoGranos$8
 com.example.infraestructura.PGOperativoGranos.PGOperativoGranos$9
com/example/infraestructura/unidadcomercializacion/comercializacion_1.java
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcomercializacion.comercializacion_1
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcomercializacion.comercializacion_1$1
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcomercializacion.comercializacion_1$2
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcomercializacion.comercializacion_1$3
com/example/infraestructura/unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas/HortalizasPVuno.java
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas.HortalizasPVuno
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas.HortalizasPVuno$1
com/example/infraestructura/unidadproduccion/ProduccionAgricola.java
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadproduccion.ProduccionAgricola
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadproduccion.ProduccionAgricola$1
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadproduccion.ProduccionAgricola$2
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadproduccion.ProduccionAgricola$3
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadproduccion.ProduccionAgricola$4
com/example/infraestructura/unidadcomercializacion/Apicultura_3.java
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcomercializacion.Apicultura_3
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcomercializacion.Apicultura_3$1
com/example/infraestructura/unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas/ControlPlagasEnferm.java
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas.ControlPlagasEnferm
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas.ControlPlagasEnferm$1
com/example/infraestructura/Pecuario/InventarioGanadoOvino.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Pecuario.InventarioGanadoOvino
 com.example.infraestructura.Pecuario.InventarioGanadoOvino$1
com/example/infraestructura/Infra_Granos/Granos.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Granos.Granos
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Granos.Granos$1
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Granos.Granos$2
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Granos.Granos$3
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Granos.Granos$4
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Granos.Granos$5
 com.example.infraestructura.Infra_Granos.Granos$6
com/example/infraestructura/frutales/frutales_5.java
 com.example.infraestructura.frutales.frutales_5
 com.example.infraestructura.frutales.frutales_5$1
 com.example.infraestructura.frutales.frutales_5$2
 com.example.infraestructura.frutales.frutales_5$3
 com.example.infraestructura.frutales.frutales_5$4
com/example/infraestructura/frutales/frutales_2.java
 com.example.infraestructura.frutales.frutales_2
 com.example.infraestructura.frutales.frutales_2$1
 com.example.infraestructura.frutales.frutales_2$2
 com.example.infraestructura.frutales.frutales_2$3
 com.example.infraestructura.frutales.frutales_2$4
 com.example.infraestructura.frutales.frutales_2$5
 com.example.infraestructura.frutales.frutales_2$6
com/example/infraestructura/caracterizacion/ciclo_caracterizacion10.java
 com.example.infraestructura.caracterizacion.ciclo_caracterizacion10
 com.example.infraestructura.caracterizacion.ciclo_caracterizacion10$1
 com.example.infraestructura.caracterizacion.ciclo_caracterizacion10$2
com/example/infraestructura/Liconsa2/LiconsaVerificacion.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Liconsa2.LiconsaVerificacion
 com.example.infraestructura.Liconsa2.LiconsaVerificacion$1
 com.example.infraestructura.Liconsa2.LiconsaVerificacion$2
 com.example.infraestructura.Liconsa2.LiconsaVerificacion$3
 com.example.infraestructura.Liconsa2.LiconsaVerificacion$4
 com.example.infraestructura.Liconsa2.LiconsaVerificacion$5
 com.example.infraestructura.Liconsa2.LiconsaVerificacion$6
com/example/infraestructura/apicola/ApicolaInicio.java
 com.example.infraestructura.apicola.ApicolaInicio
 com.example.infraestructura.apicola.ApicolaInicio$1
com/example/infraestructura/drawer/DrawerActivity.java
 com.example.infraestructura.drawer.DrawerActivity
com/example/infraestructura/Gps/GpsEnableb.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Gps.GpsEnableb
 com.example.infraestructura.Gps.GpsEnableb$1
 com.example.infraestructura.Gps.GpsEnableb$2
 com.example.infraestructura.Gps.GpsEnableb$3
 com.example.infraestructura.Gps.GpsEnableb$4
 com.example.infraestructura.Gps.GpsEnableb$4$1
 com.example.infraestructura.Gps.GpsEnableb$4$1$1
 com.example.infraestructura.Gps.GpsEnableb$4$1$1$1
 com.example.infraestructura.Gps.GpsEnableb$4$1$1$1$1
 com.example.infraestructura.Gps.GpsEnableb$5
 com.example.infraestructura.Gps.GpsEnableb$6
 com.example.infraestructura.Gps.GpsEnableb$7
 com.example.infraestructura.Gps.GpsEnableb$7$1
com/example/infraestructura/Pecuario/PecuarioEventosUnidadProduccion.java
 com.example.infraestructura.Pecuario.PecuarioEventosUnidadProduccion
 com.example.infraestructura.Pecuario.PecuarioEventosUnidadProduccion$1
com/example/infraestructura/apicola/ReproduccionApicola.java
 com.example.infraestructura.apicola.ReproduccionApicola
 com.example.infraestructura.apicola.ReproduccionApicola$1
 com.example.infraestructura.apicola.ReproduccionApicola$2
com/example/infraestructura/unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas/ControlPlagasEnfermC.java
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas.ControlPlagasEnfermC
 com.example.infraestructura.unidadcaracterizacionhortalizas.ControlPlagasEnfermC$1
com/example/infraestructura/drawer/fragment_drawer/MapaFragment.java
 com.example.infraestructura.drawer.fragment_drawer.MapaFragment
 com.example.infraestructura.drawer.fragment_drawer.MapaFragment$1
